# Meeting Minutes 2/18
**Team Leader: Arsal Hussain**

## attendance:
* Solomon Pierce and Professor Alagar were not present.






## updates: 
- Getting all interactive elements as part of proposal
- Login page, Dashboard, three different API
- Navigation menu
- Conflict Resolution, assignment confirmations and preferences
- Reporting and Analytics
- API integration proposal
- Timeline will run parallel on all teams to check on each other's progress
- Planning and research should be completed this week
- Will upload new Proposal to document after meeting



## Thenn suggestions
- Get a finalized design of the architecture design
- Split tasks on timeline (backend, frontend, full stack)
--   Columns should include each team, sprints
- Team Leader should be two consecutive weeks (will confirm with professor)
